you must be kicking yourself for not
walking out then you could
and I have one
daddy no fuck you lies down and monster
should have paid me off on that
don't like your cookie
hanging around hanging around kids got
alligator blood can't get rid of him
number nine number eight aki
take daddy
Oh smashed apart not country and in my
club I will splash the port whenever
that I please
you
I check that's right be desi bit the pot
coming
i flopped a nut straight
you fucking mutt they take him out Danya
no more no not tonight Oh got it chick
chick chick heat trap me I'm sure I
shall take daddy he beats me straight up
play him play that me and his money